fix: Philips Labs Steps Formatting (#675)
cloudposse/docs: docs/layers/github-actions/philips-labs-github-runners.mdx

      1. Provide the webhook secret (`terraform output -raw <NAME_OUTPUT_VAR>`).
      1. In the _"Permissions & Events"_ section and then _"Subscribe to Events"_ subsection, check _"Workflow Job"_.

>       1. Ensure the webhook for the GitHub app is enabled and pointing to the output of the module. The endpoint can be found from `atmos terraform output philips-labs-github-runners -s core-use1-auto 'webhook'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. Ensure the webhook for the GitHub app is enabled and pointing to the output of the module. The endpoint can be found by running `atmos terraform output philips-labs-github-runners -s core-use1-auto 'webhook'`
```
